Sushi Restaurant Recommendations

Asakusa - First impressions aren't always correct. Although this establishment looks like a bit of a dive, 
it boasts incredible food at fantastic prices. Booking is required, this place is always packed!
265 Eversholt St, London, NW1 1BA

Umu - This Michelin star restaurant has a gorgeous traditional Japanese decor. It also imports fresh fish from Japan! 
They have their own sake sommelier, and a huge selection of over 200 sake. It also focuses on specialities from the 
Kyoto region. Perfect if you're looking for a bit of a splurge. 
14-16 Bruton Place, London, W1J 6LX

Yazu Sushi - this hidden gem has an absolutely tiny sushi belt inside! It sits only about 10 people at a time, 
so booking is required. More authentic experience than Yo Sushi! 
2, 46 Curzon Street, London, W1J 7UH

Tokyo Diner - This restaurant also adheres to a traditional Japanese decor, and they serve adorable bento boxes which are
so carefully curated, each one is like a work of art. They are also incredibly environmentally conscious and do 
not serve tuna at all. For the environmentally minded among us this could be your ultimate Japanese food destination. 
2 Newport Place, London, WC2H 7JJ





Sushi Facts! 

- It takes 10 years to train to be a sushi master in Japan, and the first three years of those are spent focusing on the
rice preparation!

- Tokyo has more Michelin starred restaurants than Paris!

- The secret to good sushi is all in the rice preparation.

-Sushi is sometimes pronounced Zushi depending on what noun it is following.

Instructions for Sushi Beginners

- Japanese rice needs to be washed extensively before cooking. This should take around 2-3 minutes and the water should 
run clear. Once the rice is washed, it should be drained and left for 30 minutes before cooking. It should visibly plump
up in this time! (If you have a rice cooker, use that instead)

-If you don't have a rice cooker, use a heavy bottomed saucepan and put in rice and cold water, slightly more water
than rice. Bring to a boil, and as soon as it starts to boil put a tight fitting lid on top, and turn the heat down low. 
Cook for a further 15 minutes, then take of the heat and let it sit for a further 10. This should leave you with
perfect sticky rice!

- For sushi rice, you should add sushi vinegar to taste during the cooling process. Drizzle over the top and fold
the vinegar in, when it is cool it is ready to use in your chosen sushi dish!

- Some essential ingredients - sesame seeds, nori (dried seaweed sheets), wasabi.

- Possible sushi toppings - sashimi (raw fish, tuna or salmon works particularly well) 
 Cooked fish (smoked salmon, smoked eel, cooked king prawn)
Meat (chicken, duck, beef)
Omelette (sweetened Japanese omelette)
Vegetables (cucumber, avocado, chives)



